Greetings folks,

You guys are on this list because you have keen interest in getting the
"'Economically Incentive-Oriented Contests/Challenges to Address Global
Problems and Crowd-source Creative Innovations for Betterment of the Global
Culture', User Friendly Database and Public Access Interface Point" website
off the ground and to up-and-running.  Roux and I came up with "GeoGoals"
as the working title until we can all come up with better branding (*.com
in hand, as well).  As of yet, I've talked with each of you personally
about the focus and overall design, to varying degrees.  I'm working on
writing up a draft document that attempts to summarize many of the details
of the site, detailing the impetus, overall intended function, mission
statement, audience, and stages of functional maturity - just so we're all
on the same page.  I hope to be done with that by the end of the week or so.


On of the first items requiring definition to begin actual work involves
coming up with database parameters that each challenge/competition entry
should contain (bolded = required, italics = optional or potential future
upgrade).  Here's a first stab at it:


   1. *Title*
   2. *Short Description*
   3. *Award*
   4. *Dates *
      - *Deadline
      *
      - *Post Date*
   5. *Icon/Image*
   6. *Keyword Tag list
   *
   7. *Challenge Data*
      - *Rule Specifics*
      - *Datasets**
      *
   8. *URL Reference(s)*
   9. *Discussion Board*
   10. *FAQ*
   11. *Winner
   *


Note: Not certain if Sponsorship is more applicable to Short Description,
Rules, Title, or should be its own separate category.  Present assumption
is that its embedded.

The above is certainly up for discussion debate.  Marvin gets back to the
bay at some-point next week or so - we can wait to meet until then or the
remainder of us can meet sometime this week (time permitting).  Thoughts?

Regarding database population, before the crawling is up and functional,
we've been putting together a database of site urls to scrape and urls of
individual challenges in order to get an initial framework going, in the
meanwhile.  Entries contain a loose title, reference url, and series of
notes, if applicable.  There's an additional page that references well
defined problems that presently off no prize (more to discuss on that arena
as well when I send out the aforementioned document).  I'll share the (very
rough) google-doc with you guys right after sending this.


Let me know if you guys have any questions - hopefully we can organize this
a bit better in the days to come,


Luis
